Interim Report of Transcriptome sequencing & Analysis on

Illumina Novaseq X Plus Platforms

Submitted to: 

Minnu Jose

University of Calicut, INDIA

Submitted by:

Unigenome

A life sciences division of Unipath Specialty Laboratory Ltd.

3rd Floor, PASL House | Beside Sahjanand College | Panjara pol, Ambawadi, Ahmedabad – 380015 | Gujarat, India Tel :- +91-79-66197701 genomics@unipath.in | www.unigenome.in

Project Details & Sample Details:

Methods:

Extraction and Quantitative analysis of RNA:

RNA was extracted from sam cells samples using PVP extraction method. RNA quantity was measured using Qubit® 4.0 fluorometer and quality analyzed by on 1% agarose gel

Preparation of library:

The paired-end sequencing library was prepared using KAPA mRNA HyperPrep Kit for Illumina. (CAT #KK8581). The library preparation process was initiated with 500-1000 ng input. mRNA enrichment was performed as per user manual and mRNA was subjected to fragmentation, first & second-strand cDNA synthesis, end-repair, 3´ adenylating, adapter ligation, selective enrichment of adapter-ligated DNA fragments through PCR amplification, followed by validation of Library on Agilent 4150 tape station. The final library was pooled with other-samples, denatured & loaded on to flow cell. On the flow cell, cluster generation & sequencing was performed using Illumina Novaseq X plus platform to generate 2×150bp paired-end (PE) read.

Quantity and quality check (QC) of library on Agilent Tape Station 4150:

The amplified libraries were analyzed on TapeStation 4150 (Agilent Technologies) using High Sensitivity D1000 ScreenTape® as per manufacturer's instructions.

Cluster Generation and Sequencing:

After obtaining the Qubit concentration for the library and the mean peak size from Tape Station profile, library will be loaded onto illumine Novaseq X Plus for cluster generation and sequencing. Paired-End sequencing allows the template fragments to be sequenced in both the forward and reverse directions. The library molecules will bind to complementary adapter oligos on paired-end flow cell. The adapters are designed to allow selective cleavage of the forward strands after re-synthesis of the reverse strand during sequencing. The copied reverse strand is then used to sequence from the opposite end of the fragment.

Results

RNA QC using Agarose Gel

Image 01 - RNA QC on 1% agarose gel

Quantification by using Qubit® 4.0 Fluorometer

Quantity and quality check (QC) of library on Agilent Tape Station 4150

	TapeStation 4150 profiles of library loaded in Agilent High Sensitivity D1000ScreenTape®:

Figure 1- C1                                                                          Figure 2- T1

Figure 3- C1-Duplicate                               Figure 4- T1-Duplicate

Conclusions:

The libraries were prepared from the samples by KAPA mRNA Hyper Prep Kit for Illumina (CAT #KK8581).

The average size of libraries is 479bp to 503bp* for C1, T1, C1-Duplicate and T1-Duplicate. samples.

The libraries were sequenced on Illumina Novaseq X Plus platform using 2-x 150 bp chemistry to generate ~08-09GB/Sample.

[END OF REPORT]